This video shows Mount Gyrism, which is situated in the heart of the district of Samaria.
Its summit rises over 850 meters or 2800 feet above the Mediterranean Sea.
Mount Gyrism, one, is near the traditional location of Jacob's well.
The present-day city of Nablus is situated between Mount Gyrism and Mount Ebal in the fertile valley of Shikim.
This location, too, indicates the approximate place where Jesus spoke to the Samaritan woman.
A Samaritan temple was constructed on Mount Gyrism, perhaps in the 4th century BCE, but was destroyed in 128 BCE.
Mount Ebal, three, is seen here.
It was evidently with reference to Mount Gyrism that the Samaritan woman told Jesus Christ,
our forefathers worshipped on this mountain, but you people say that in Jerusalem is the place where people must worship.
To show her that true worship was not to be dependent on a physical location, Jesus replied,
the hour is coming when neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem will you worship the Father.
John 4, 20, and 21.